# x-ray-fun

This is a web interface to Monte Carlo event file for a super simple X- and gamma-ray detector. 

The mass model is a box of CdZnTe, or Silicon, or CsI. The source is a monoenergetic photon beam.  The results are plotted using [Plotly.js](https://plot.ly/javascript/).

### Setting up

    npm install 
    node index.js

Go to [localhost:1337](http://localhost:1337).

### Event files

The Monte Carlo event files in data directory are generated by the Geant4-based BoGEMMS simulation framework (Bulgarelli et al. 2012, Fioretti et al. 2014). You can download these files here (url)

### License

This software is licensed under the MIT License

>The MIT License (MIT)
>
>Copyright (c) 2017: Giovanni De Cesare (decesare.giovanni@gmail.com)

>Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

>The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

>THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
